[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
Videl's third match
was turned on its
head when Spopovitch
took control,
dominating the bout with his
overwhelming size and strength.
To the horror of all,
what should have been
an easy victory for Videl
had instead become a
punishing test of endurance.
Gohan!
[VIDEL yells]
No! I can't let him win!
I can't let him win!
[bellows]
I've seen enough!
That's it!
This match is over!
Now you answer to me!
[YAMU] Enough, Spopovitch.
Stop this nonsense.
Put an end to this
so we can get on with
what we're really here to do.
Just win the damn match.
[GOHAN]
Spopovitch!
This is not over!
I promise you that!
I owe you!
[chuckles softly]
[NARRATOR] It would seem
that many of the fighters in
the World Martial Arts
Tournament have entered
in pursuit of their own
secret agendas.
What do they have
in store for our heroes?
For now,
the mystery only deepens.
[KORIN] Here we are:
fresh senzu beans.
[GOKU]
Thanks, Korin.
Incidentally, it would
be wise for you
to stay on your
guard, my friend.
I've got a
feeling there's more
trouble headed our way.
Yeah.
Me, too.
♪ Opening Song ♪
Give it up if you're ready
to see match four!
[MONK 15A]
Um, excuse me.
[MONK 15A] They say Videl
is going to pull through.
Ah! I've just received
some great news, folks.
We can all agree the
last match was intense.
Poor Videl took a thrashing
for the record books, but
I have it on
good authority
the little gal's gonna pull
through like a trooper.
How about that?
[CROWD cheers, hollers]
Right! On with the show!
This next one's a doozie.
Dazzling us with their raw power
will be Great Saiyaman and--
Excuse me. Can you
hold off for a second?
Not for very long, I swear.
Um, okay, so the thing is,
my dad went to find some
special medicine for Videl
and he's not back yet.
But, he'll be here soon and
she seriously needs this stuff.
Sounds reasonable.
I suppose the crowd
can wait a little while.
Thanks, man.
Uh. We'll start the match
in just a few, okay?
[GOHAN] C'mon, Dad.
What's the hold up?
You're back! You got
the senzu beans, right?
We got lucky; he hasn't
been growing them these days,
but there happened to
be three lying around.
[GOHAN]
Awesome!
Here. I'll let you
do the honors.
[GOKU]
There you go.
You're the best!
[GOHAN] You don't
mind waiting, right?
I'll be back before ya know it.
[GOKU] There's a lot
more to this Kibito guy
than meets the eye.
But if he's anything like Shin,
I guess that's no surprise.
It takes a lot to make
Piccolo back down.
[VEGETA] Everyone's so
drawn to the oddballs.
Who cares what their game is--
I'm here to fight Kakarot.
No, I'm here to beat Kakarot.
[TRUNKS]
Hey, Goten.
What was in the bag your
old man brought back?
[GOTEN] I dunno.
I was gonna ask you.
Looked like maybe some
kind of frou-frou medicine
for that Videl girl;
probably needs it after
the number that
Spopo-dude did on 'er.
[GOTEN]
I can't believe he won.
[TRUNKS] I can't believe
they're taking so long.
We're not on till
the seventh match;
the way things are going,
we'll never get in the ring.
Kinda havin' a hard time
seein' what you're
complainin' about.
Hey. Sweetheart?
Hey, Dad.
Yeah. Dad. That's right.
[GOHAN] Move aside, please!
Coming through!
Excuse me.
It's Gohan.
[GOHAN] Videl!
Prepare to be healed!
[MR. SATAN] Get lost, kid!
Visiting hours are never!
If I have to tell you
to leave again...
[GOHAN] I'm sorry, sir.
This is really important.
[MR. SATAN]
You little punk!
Go--Gohan.
Wha--What're you--?
It's okay. Look. Trust me.
Just take one of
these and you'll be
good as new in no time.
Hold on!
I won't have my patients plied
with new age flim-flammery!
Whatever you're up to,
runt, you best step off now!
[GOHAN] I've taken
these lots of times.
[MR. SATAN] Do not
put that in her mouth!
[VIDEL]
Whatever works, right?
No!
This--This'll
sound cheesy.
But I--I've learned to expect
miraculous things from you.
Mhmm.
Videl, no!
You're not in your right mind!
He's a quack!
Are you gonna let him do this?
C'mo--Say something!
Please, sir.
Princess!
No! Don't swallow it!
Spit it out!
All right,
I've got a match to win.
[GOHAN] Clear a path!
Coming through!
Argh!
You're a dead man!
You just bought yourself
a world of pain!
[VIDEL gulps]
What's he done?
That's awesome!
[laughs]
[running footsteps]
[GOHAN panting]
[chuckles]
[GOHAN] Sorry 'bout the wait!
I'm ready if you are!
Thank you
for your patience;
you've been a great audience!
Now, let's see a fight!
Contestants Kibito and Great
Saiyaman take the stage!
Huh. Hey. That
dude looks familiar.
Sure does.
In fact I think it's Gohan.
Whatever bro,
gimme those things!
Here, he's got the
exact same hair.
You gotta be kidding me!
Are you telling me the king of
all dweebs is Great Saiyaman?
Nuh-uh. Come on.
Gohan probably just
thought it'd be cool
to enter the tournament
under that name.
That doesn't make sense;
why not just go with his own?
'Cause. He's the
bashful type.
So there.
Okay. But since when has he
been good at martial arts?
Whatever,
let's cheer him on.
Poor guy'll need it.
[ERASA, SHARPNER, STUDENT 1A]
Show 'em who's boss, Gohan!
You got this! Yeah!
Kick his butt, Gohan!
We believe in you!
Guess the cat's
way outta the bag.
[GOHAN]
Aw, man.
Knew I should've tied the
headgear on tighter.
Oh well.
Too late now.
[STUDENT 1A]
All right. There you go!
[ERASA] Show the world
those pretty eyes!
[GOHAN]
Yeah...
[ANNOUNCER]
Um, okay then.
Not really sure I know what's
going on, but, uh, okay.
Let's get this party started!
[GOHAN]
What am I gonna do?
Everybody'll make a
huge deal out of this.
If I thought life at
school was tough before,
wait till they've seen
how strong I am!
That was the whole
point of having a disguise.
[GOHAN] Something
tells me this guy's
not gonna let me hold back.
Forgive me, young man,
but it is imperative that
I ask you to become what your
people call "Super Saiyan."
Huh?
Whoa. You what?
How do you even know about that?
And why is it--what'd you say?
Imperative?
[KIBITO] Everything will
become clear soon enough.
At the moment, they need to
see how powerful you are.
So it begins.
Uh, I think you
might be outta your mind.
I can't turn Super Saiyan
in a stadium full of people!
[KRILLIN]
What's going on?
I can't hear what
they're talkin' about.
[GOKU] He asked Gohan to
turn into a Super Saiyan.
[YAMU]
Well? Anything?
Nah. Not enough juice,
at least not yet.
[PICCOLO]
Gohan!
Are you serious?
Something's up, Piccolo.
And I wanna know what.
Not anymore than I do.
It's just that--I can't--
I fear I must make
use of your son.
So please, forgive me.
Also it is vital that none
of you attempts to
make a move against
what you're about to see.
If you'd be so kind.
I'm sorry, what?
Wha--What are
we going to see?
I only take orders
from people above me.
Who do you think you are?
This man is
the Supreme Kai!
Which in case you're
wondering puts him
above everyone
else in the universe!
[ALL gasp]
As in the one King Kai
tells all the stories about
in Otherworld?
That Supreme Kai?
[CROWD shouting angrily]
Uh.
So. You wanna
fight, maybe?
[CHICHI grumbles]
You people make me sick!
Is there anybody here
who doesn't need their
battles spoon fed to them?
Settle down!
Now! Time is wasting!
[GOHAN] Doesn't look like
I have much of a choice.
All right, then.
So much for school.
So what's gonna happen
when he goes Super Saiyan?
I mean what is the endgame here?
Patience.
First of all, more likely
than not, Gohan will be
attacked by both Yamu,
as well as Spopovitch.
Allow me to reiterate:
take no action against
them when this happens.
Like we'll even need to.
Those creeps?
They got nothin' on him;
you can take my word for it.
Well, we'll see.
All respect, Supreme Kai.
But are you saying
Gohan could lose?
[SUPREME KAI]
Do not worry.
I believe they lack the means
to inflict irreparable damage.
What's more, they will only
be interested in his energy.
What does that mean?
[VEGETA grunts]
Thanks a lot!
I don't know your
story, but if this is
that important I'll
got through with it.
Just remember I cooperated.
By the way, if you want,
I can push past the barrier,
and crank up my power level
above Super Saiyan for you.
You what?
You can push yourself
beyond Super Saiyan?
[GOHAN grunts]
[bellows]
[grunts]
[CROWD gasps]
[bellows]
What in the--
I don't believe it.
He transformed.
This is nuts!
What's happening?
Whoa! Look! The dial!
His power's
off the charts!
He's the one!
So. Hope this is
what you had in mind.
You asked for it, you got it.
What's next on the agenda?
We gonna do this, or what?
[KIBITO] Unbelievable!
His power is magnificent!
One can hardly believe this boy
hales from the lower realm!
[VEGETA]
Heh. Pathetic.
Barely a fraction
of the strength
he used to take on Cell.
Just goes to show you
what peace and quiet does
for the undisciplined.
Be that as it may,
his power is well beyond
what I was
prepared to expect.
Even I am not certain that
I could properly contain it.
Contain?
Something wrong?
I take back
what I said earlier.
No way, dude.
Mind blown.
I don't believe it!
So you mean he's
the Golden Warrior, too?
Correct me if I'm wrong,
but weren't there
some people who looked like him
involved in the Cell debacle?
Am I insane, Bill?
No, you're right.
He's totally gotta
be one of 'em!
[CHICHI]
Aw yeah! That's right!
Well!
How do you feel now, huh?
You bunch of brats!
You were climbing the walls for
something awesome, right?
Well, that's awesome!
[ALL]
Uh-huh!
[GOHAN] Fight me.
What are you waiting for?
All right.
Let's do this.
You keep him still and
I'll drain all of his energy.
You ready?
Yeah!
[SUPREME KAI]
Here we go.
[GOKU]
Huh?
[GOHAN]
Hey! Back off!
Ha!
What are you doing?
[yells]
[GOHAN screams]
[SPOPOVITCH, YAMU laugh]
What's going on?
It's all right.
You must trust me.
Those freaks!
What's wrong with you!
I forbid you from
taking any action!
Anybody wants to
be a hero, think twice.
[GOHAN yelling]
[KIBITO]
Almost. Let them finish.
[CHICHI]
Get outta the way!
That's my boy down there!
Goku!
Just do something
already, will ya?
What are you doing to Go--!
Let me go!
I can't just stand here
and let them do this!
It's okay. He's strong
enough to handle it.
But they--
I mean. He--
[SUPREME KAI] Be silent
and observe, please.
We just--
[SPOPOVITCH, YAMU
laugh intensely]
[GOHAN screams]
[GOTEN] They're doing
something terrible to Gohan!
Why doesn't your dad
or somebody try to save him?
[GOTEN] I guess it's up to me!
Hang in there, big brother!
[SPOPOVITCH, YAMU
laugh intensely]
Nice! Thank you.
Ha! We've got all
we need, and then some!
[laughs]
That was easier
than I thought it'd be.
[SUPREME KAI]
No! Stay back, please!
Let them escape.
Have patience; Kibito will
restore him momentarily.
Can you please tell us
what's going on here?
Not yet. Right now
it is crucial
that I follow the two
of them, undetected.
What's the plan?
If you'd be so kind,
I need you all
to accompany me
while I track them.
It would be of great help.
Okay. It's official:
I'm freaked out.
Yeah. No joke, huh?
I'm right there with you.
Gohan, no!
This is insane!
What do we do?
I plan to go along
for the ride.
If the Supreme Kai says
Gohan is going to be all right,
then I know he's
going to be all right.
Besides, whatever this is,
I have a feeling we're needed.
Majin stands on the threshold
of his glorious return!
Babidi is going to
be very pleased with us!
[NARRATOR] At last,
the mysterious Shin has
revealed his true identity
as the Supreme Kai.
But what interest
could this powerful
Guardian of the Universe
have in the events of the World
Martial Arts Tournament?
What sinister plot
do Spopovitch and Yamu
hope to fuel with
Gohan's stolen energy?
These answers and more--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
All right, apparently
somebody's got plans to
wake up a big, bad
monster named Majin Buu.
[VEGETA]
Go ahead. Let them.
I'm not here to fight
the boogie man, Kakarot;
I'm here to fight you!
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[GOHAN]
Videl.
I've got a really
bad feeling about this.